For the first portion of my website I decided to work on my homepage. I liked the style of having a large background image with semi-transparent text boxes overtop it so I planned for that style. I found an image of the Pittsburgh skyline that I liked so I started by adding that and my name to the website. I then researched how to make the textbook I wanted for my school and majors below my name. Figuring out the opacity setting wasn’t too challenging and then I moved the box to where I wanted it. Adding the second text box was a little more challenging since when I changed the opacity of the box it also edited the image I wanted next to the text so I had to put a background on the image. I then looked up how to make a black outline around my name at the top of the page. The final and most challenging part of making this homepage was adding the menu screen I started by making it horizontal and then I later changed it to be vertical but I still haven’t entirely fixed the scaling for different sized web browsers. My next step will be to work on that and also to figure out how to create scrolling pages for my other pages so that the site flows nicely. I think I will probably start with the resume page. I want it to be similar to the current paper resume I have but done in a way that fits better with the website. I may also incorporate projects directly on the resume page. Additionally I want to add more photos throughout the website however I think I will keep my other backgrounds to solid colors. Overall I like the homepage that I have done so far.  


