
For the first draft of my site I started out from the preview with the pages set up but empty, so my first step was to fill in the resume page. I designed a background for the education section using gimp and used a grid-style layout to achieve the different resume sections. After doing that I styled the headers and filled each section in with text. I generally like the way the text looks in that section although it may be a little plain. I also added a contact section at the bottom of the resume section. I recolored the icons for the different social media platforms with the purple to match the theme of the site. I also added in hover mode for when they are clicked and linked each one with my corresponding social media account. I then worked on the projects page. I decided to include photos of each of the different pages on the app I made and clicking any of them will take you to the dev post I made to showcase the project. Similarly for the game I included I used screenshots from the game and linked it to the dev post. The final page I made was the activities page. Rather than including more text I felt that just some of the logos of the organizations I am involved with would help to show them off. This wasn’t too hard to do, I simply made two different image classes for each row. Overall I am pretty happy with how it turned out so far. Looking towards the final draft I might be adding another page or reworking some of the pages so that they are more interesting. This could include things like reformatting the resume/ project section or adding more content to pages. 
